<strong>BACKGROUND</strong> - It's time for 'A Brief History of Kev'! \*<em>jazz hands</em>\*

I'm an East Yorkshire lad, born in the maritime city of Hull in the UK. From a very early age, I was into video games. One of my earliest memories is playing Sonic 3 (& Knuckles!) upwards of 8 hours a day, every day. My dad introduced me to the wider world of PC precursor systems: the Commodore 64 then the Amiga 1200. I grew up playing the likes of Beach Head, Elite then Syndicate, UFO: Enemy Unknown and Cannon Fodder. Nothing like defending Earth from the Alien menace to really inspire a young mind!

As I grew up, the question of where games actually came from started to form in my the space between my ears. During my tween years, I tried my best to figure it out. But a council estate lad who lives off microwave chips and dinosaur nuggies doesn't merely stumble across a Brackey's games development tutorial during the late nineties and early naughties.

It was around this time I had a major hurdle in my life. My Crohn's disease, a rather grumpy and inconsiderate partner-slash-condition I had been carrying around since birth, decided it'd had enough of my gluttonous love for turkey dinosaurs and soggy potatoes and came for revenge. Homestuck due to the pain, exhaustion and 'less fun' symptoms, I spent my time playing PSX and N64 games with infrequent home-education provided by my school. I eventually had a major operation which REALLY helped, but lots of complications during recovery. I think I missed the entire final 4 years of secondary school education. I still sat my GCSES; 2 Cs and 2 Ds for the core subjects. Not bad for someone who barely studied for 4 years!

Anyway, onto a slightly better time after that! With my health somewhat improved and free from the shackles of mandatory education; I went into optional education instead! To the realms of Sixth Form College I go! I met a lot of good friends here, peers who are out in the world now making a change. I studied the only IT / CompSci relevant subject available; 'IT Practitioners', both as a 'First Diploma' and a 'National Diploma', whatever those are. After that, I decided that education wasn't for me right now and had that whole 'find your purpose in life' phase.

Now we skip over a large portion of my life which I have aptly named the 'Blunder Years'. Because it was just me blundering around, making mistakes and trying to find a purpose in life. Instead, I found Mixed Depression and Anxiety Disorder and I can't find anyone to buy it off me so I'm stuck with it. This must be why they say impulse purchases are bad.

In my late twenties, I decided to give university life a shot. I'd tried everything else, may as well get into a few tens of thousand quid worth of debt. I hesitantly and anxiously applied for the BSc in Computer Science with Games Development at the University of Hull. And I was accepted! With a conditional of doing the Foundation Year. Works for me! I took to it like a duck to a dinner plate. I grew both academically and personally, I met great colleagues, friends and peers. I learned an incredible amount of knowledge and put in 150% wherever I could. It felt like I was born for programming and learning.
